
You still ask, "Why a garden?" To see one more sense of value, consider what uses the following suggestion has for you. If still it leaves you unsatisfied, you should know enough to give up this book.
Let's pretend your garden is the size of a football field. On one side of your garden instead of yardlines: 0 yards near one goalpost is when you wake, and the opponent's goalpost is when you sleep. Each of your priorities occupies a tiny strip of this span, from endline to endline, so that all your priorities make for a rectangle of long strips. Assuming you MUST move from wake to sleep, how many times during the day, the week, your life, do you dart from strip to strip, juggling 5, 12 priorities, and pretending you are "multi-tasking"? How much time is merely the management of this juggling, let alone whatever successes you gain from being IN the respective priority's plot on your garden? If you are ready to work, study your calendar, and figure out how to make blocks of time for each priority more systematic, routine, and thus less juggling and wasted management of task-switching.

## Tool and calendar
When the focus to what helps you achieve your goals is an object that facilitates action, and not your ability to do an action per se, we might as well just talk about that thing: a tool. This includes a hammer and a calendar. At its core, a calendar is a journal with specific expectations about what you include. Those specifics are up to you to adhere to, but doing so is a great benefit to your PRIs.
How much time it takes to complete goals is part of every bet. A calendar can be a record of every BET. A calendar improves the more you rely on it. Like your HOME, keep your calendar clean.
What goes on a calendar?
1.	Events you plan to attend.
2.	Events you haven’t decided on yet, such as invitations.
3.	Deadlines, such as R.S.V.P.s
4.	Eating time.
5.	“Maybe” events.
6.	Tasks with details like duration and people involved.
7.	Every action associated with a time or range of times.
Risk. Without a calendar you grossly underestimate the amount of time needed for your GOALS.You forget to prepare for an action, recover from an action and/or transition to another action. For example, going to the grocery store requires time to get (and make) a list, putting on coat and shoes, assembling travel gear (keys or bike helmet), time to put away groceries, and transition.
Consolidate. Use one organized calendar with a system to differentiate classes of BETS (SELF, PPL, WORK, VALUES), just as a HOME handles many actions in different rooms.
